## New Blog, Reubeen, Secret Project

Howdy Folks.

We're one month into 2023, I feel the sudden inspiration to create a new blog. Credit where credit is due, Keller and Dante did it first. With their permissions, I will link their blogs here. 

The first of two main reasons I spun this site up was because this whole *next generation of sandwich based social media* thing has become a little more work than I expected. This is how it goes:

1. This is such a funny idea and it wouldn't even be that hard. I don't have to worry about any UI, just keep it minimal and focus on function. 

2. A little UI doesn't hurt. Besides, if I'm gonna be staring at this thing I might as well make it look pretty. 

3. This UI is shit because it came from shit, I am shit and the product is shit.

4. She pretty!!!!

5. Okay, I'm just gonna build out one or two more features, then revamp one or two UI flows... then I'll register a domain, create a TOC, peer review the code and finally submit to apple! Oh, and also I need to create, test and deploy an android version!

And now suddenly I've been sitting on this thing for months, and at a certain point you've gotta get over it and share what you've created with the world. Eventually. 


I'm pretty committed to finishing this project, in large because of all the [effort and time and money](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/sunk-cost-fallacy/#:~:text=Choosing%20to%20finish%20a%20boring,thousands%20of%20dollars%20training%20them.) I've put into it at this point. But hey, I'm no sucker. This thing is going to change the world! 


The second reason I wanted to start this blog was because I've recently had an opportunity to join a team which will remain unnamed as of now and referred to as Secret Project. Secret Project is an exciting prospect that's getting me into a lot more algorithmic work compared to my typical web dev lifestyle. At the moment, Secret Project is pretty low key, but I don't expect that to stay as such for long. Because of this, It's in my interest to get Reubeen to a solid place for an Apple submission, and let that bird leave the next while I commit more of my bandwidth to Secret Project. This blog will be a place where I can share some of the problems I'm working around in both realms of development. 

And of course, here I am writing instead of working on either project.

<br>

Anyways, there are a couple features that I want to add to this that might require a rails backend, but I like the idea of a bare-bones static site that I can dump content into. I'm also kinda into the idea of going as minimal as possible with the styling. I think I'll use this site as the landing page / TOC submission link for Rubeen as well. How does dbdruid sound as a name for an llc?

 
*td*


