# ReuBeen v1.2

### What's new?
Hey team. Couple of big items in this update! Mostly quality of life, styling and a couple new features. Enjoy :)

### New Features:
- Linking! You can now share links to specific logs or user profiles to other apps. On a log, tap the ellipsis on the top right to share. Tap the chain icon on a user profile page to share a user. 
- Custom Sandwich Type. Users can now enter a custom Sandwich type when creating a log. I hope I don't regret this. 
- Custom Location. Users can now enter a custom Location if they didn't eat at a restaurant OR the restaurant is unnamed. (Food cart / Bodega / Grandmas Fridge). This has replaced the homemade button. Hope I don't regret this even more!

### Enhancements:
- Password Reset. Obvious oversight in initial release. Now you can enter your phone number and reset your password on verification. Looking forward to getting some of our day ones who forgot their passwords back.
- Updated token storage system to integrate iosKeyChain. More secure and more reliable for storage, everyone will probably get logged out on update, but should persist between updates after that. 
- Added extra server-side access verification for logs. Links shared to private logs will not be visible unless the user is a friend. 
- Styling updates and landing page face-lift


### Bug fixes:
- Couple of typos / out of place verbiage replaced
- Added some blank list screens for empty lists. 


As always, if you have any feature requests, please let me know.

Keep slaying those sammies,

Trace

---

tracedelange@me.com